update example of explainer (#13)
w3c/miniapp-addressing: docs/Q&A.md

## About syntax-version

> ### 1. What is the relationship between version in URI and [version.name](https://w3c.github.io/miniapp/specs/manifest/#version-name) / [version.code](https://w3c.github.io/miniapp/specs/manifest/#code-member) in manifest? (By @hax)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. What is the relationship between version in URI and [version.name](https://www.w3.org/TR/miniapp-manifest/#version-name) / [version.code](https://www.w3.org/TR/miniapp-manifest/#code-member) in manifest? (By @hax)
```
